Rules of the Game:
----------------------

1. The goal is to move all the cards from the
    table to the four "home piles" at the top
    of the layout.
                      
2. Every new card dealt from the deck initially
	 goes onto the first column.  From there it
	 might be moved to another column, but it
	 doesn't have to move.
	 
2. Cards can ONLY be placed on the bottom of
    a column, and must follow descending numerical
    sequence (eg. a 6 goes on a 7, but a 7 can't 
    go on a 6), but they can be of ANY suit -they
    do not have to be the same suit as the card
    they are landing on, nor do they have to 
    alternate colors.
   
3. Only "free" cards at the bottom of the columns
    can be moved.  Cards in the middle of a column
    are "trapped" until the cards below are 
    removed.  But if the cards at the bottom of a
    column are in sequence AND ALL OF THE SAME
    SUIT then they can be moved together!
    Example:
   
      3C <- this card is totally trapped
     
      7D <- this card is a different suit from
              the ones below, but in sequence
      6H <-]
              ] <-these cards are in proper sequence
      5H <-]   and all the same suit, so all
              ]   three can be picked up together
      4H <-]   and put on, say, a 7C or, even
     (last     better, a 7H if one is free
     in col.)
   

3. When an Ace becomes "free" it can immediately
    be put up onto one of the home pile locations.
    After that, subsequent cards of the same suit
    can be added to that home pile in sequence.  

4. When a column becomes empty ANY card or sequence
    of cards which could be moved to the bottom of
    another column can be moved into the empty 
    space.  Note, however, that an empty column is 
    the only column to which a King can be moved.
    Cards moved to an empty column can later be 
    moved (following the usual rules), emptying the 
    column again.  (But a King can only move to
    another empty column or a home pile).
                   
5. The game is over either when all the cards have
    been put onto the home piles, or there are no
    cards left in the deck and no more moves are
    possible.
    

Playing the Game:
-------------------------

1. Deal a card by either clicking on the deck
    or hitting Ctrl+D.
    
2. Pick up a card by clicking on it once, then
    clicking where you want the card to go.
    
3. Pick up a sequence of cards by "pinching"
    the two fingers of the hand onto the
    top card of the sequence you want to 
    pick up.
    
4. An Ace can go on any free home pile spot
    available.  Subsequent cards have to be
    put on the right pile, of course.  Instead
    of taking a card (including Aces) all the 
    way up to the home pile you can just 
    double click on the card and it will be
    transferred up to the home pile.
    Valid sequences can be transferred this way
    too: just click on the top card of the 
    sequence you want to move to the home pile
    (it doesn't have to be every card in the
    sequence) and the cards will be put on the
    pile in the correct order.         
    
5. If an invalid move is attempted the picked up
    card(s) will be put back where it came from 
    and you can try a different move.  Also, if
    you try to pick up an invalid sequence of
    cards the sequence simply won't be picked up.
    
6. The only "undo" you can do is if you've picked
    up a card and haven't put it down anywhere
    yet... in this case just click back on the 
    column it came from and it will be put back
    there.


Notes:
---------

1. You don't HAVE TO make a move every time it's 
    possible to do so.  For example, if a Jack is
    exposed and a 10 is available to put on it,
    it is not compulsary to make the move, even
    if they are of the same suit.  Another 
    example: if the Ace of Hearts is up top and
    you've exposed the sequence of 2,3,4,5 of 
    Hearts, you don't have to put all of them 
    up top.  Sometimes it's better to stop at,
    say, the 4 so that you have a place to put
    a 3 later.  This type of decision is where a
    lot of the strategy comes into play in fact.

2. The first column can sometimes grow ridiculously
    long, but have faith!  This is normal, and 
    it's amazing how the right card(s) will allow
    it to be taken apart again.
    
3. You will win more frequently with experience 
    and thoughtful strategy.  A neophyte may win
    one game in ten, but with experience it seems
    the odds of winning are about one in four.    

--- See "Tips and Strategy" for some useful hints! ---
\