Six by Six Tips...
----------------------

1. See the 'Short Cut Keys' menu for quick
    ways to do some things (especially if you
    aren't crazy about using the mouse for
    everything...).
    
   
Six by Six Strategy:
--------------------------

1. Try to avoid sequences with jumbled suits
    whenever possible.  Sometimes it's necessary
    to jumble suits to clear a column or 
    "rescue" and Ace or a low card, but
    otherwise take every opportunity to 
    "tidy up" sequences by making them all
    the same suit.
    
2. Before dealing even one card check out the 
    whole layout and figure out your priorities.
    These should be:
       -definitely "rescue" any Aces trapped in
        the first column, if at all possible.    
        Make sequences with totally jumbled
        suits if necessary, because if you don't
        rescue the Ace now it will be buried!
       -also consider rescuing low cards (2 or 3)
        if the Ace is visible elsewhere in the
        layout and might be exposed before long.
       -if Aces are visible in other columns it
        might be worth rescuing them now, though
        it's not necessarily worth severely
        jumbled sequences
       -scan to see if all or almost all cards
        of any values (say, all the 10's) are 
        already down.  You may be counting on
        dealing a 10 later to removed a 
        bothersome 9 without realizing there
        are no 10's left in the deck. 
        
3. Don't forget when moving cards around that
    any placed on the first column will probably
    be buried for quite a while.  It's better to
    put higher cards there than lower ones.
    Generally, keep lower cards in the active
    area and dump higher cards to the first 
    column when you have the chance.  This is
    because if low cards are buried in the first 
    column they will plug up all other cards
    otherwise ready to go on the home pile.

4. Suggestion (3) doesn't apply though, if you
    notice a low card of a suit of interest is
    already buried in the first column.  For
    example, if the 4 of spades is already
    buried in the first column, you might
    as well get the 3 and 2 out of the 
    active area, or at least don't make
    exposing them a priority.
    
5. DO NOT automatically make all moves which
    are possible!  Putting all cards in a 
    sequence straight onto the home pile can
    be a big mistake, for example, if, by 
    stopping at the 6 (even though you could
    put 3,4,5,6,7,8 up top) you now have a
    place to "park" a 5 from another suit
    which was sitting on an Ace.  
\                               